Documentation meta-descriptions review N° 2 (#5518)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/amazon/services/supported-services/waf.rst

.. Copyright (C) 2015, Wazuh, Inc.

.. meta::

>   :description: Amazon WAF is a web application firewall that helps protect your web applications from common web exploits. Learn more about it in this section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :description: Amazon WAF is a web application firewall that helps protect your web applications from common web exploits. Learn more about Wazuh and Amazon WAF in this section.
```
